yo it up guys Taren talks here and this
video serves two purposes
first and foremost go ahead check the
annotation on screen and check the link
in the description I did a um Naruto
video not really not a video but I did a
Naruto playthrough not playthrough I
don't know what I'm talking about
anymore
I did a naruto vs matched with evil grin
gaming she go check his channel up see
if you like some it was content over
there but i we did some naruto battles
and uh maybe some you might enjoy it and
i should use another stage i should
actually use final not final
destinations but pokemon stadium so i
just we're gonna do but oh yeah the
second purpose that this video serves is
the fact that i want if you guys can
actually tell anything different about
this mic I have a new microphone so um
well you wouldn't better tell anything
different about the mic you never even
heard your mic but exercise point come
on let's go Pikachu heatwave baby hmm
damn that was up and she didn't win also
I'm doing um it's super effective
I'm also doing a new like way to edit my
videos so I'm gonna actually be editing
them up with you dick I can fly those
you dick this step Pikachu
Magnus all right fine I got you try it
again
know what go with the balls your dick
Pikachu all right gosh let's go f with
me now son
I'm killed myself let's go I was trying
to fly under it but um yes this is in
fact the new Mike and Pikachu with this
damn thunder is really pissing me off
alright oh my gosh
get them come on faced bro I guess you
could say it serves another purpose
since it was requested that I do some
Pokemon battle or Charizard bridges
Pikachu and some project em says what
I'm doing in my wave - well yeah like I
said I'm doing stuff to Tabak Pikachu
try something different with a the way I
do my gaming videos I'm actually gonna
like edit the sound in later like my
commentary and all that jazz like pretty
much everyone else does because I
noticed like sometimes my stuff was like
horrible I listen to it and it was just
not really as good as I thought it was
because I could hear like this little
it's like this little feedback sound
which I didn't like
and damn it I cannot freakin roll it
picture now I cannot do this I can't do
this heatwave baby so you got the new
heatwave move case you didn't know that
replaces his rock smash attack
yeah and get that seismic toss come on
Oh word your volt tackle son
seismic sauce whoa buddy whoa buddy come
here I want seismic toss
I want my size and toss also his down B
allows him to jump up like you just saw
me dude oh oh oh oh like I'm playing
smash
tourneys and oh damn it pick it
stop it
punk-ass hey oh yeah I'm Jar Jar all
right this is for all the marbles or
pokeballs seismic sauce oh oh I want it
again breathe fire
Oh check the wrong way sign oh no no no
no no whoop whoop whoops
I just killed myself like a pro ha ha
that doesn't count it doesn't go any
other guys enjoyed this um let me know
how the quality looks how the audio
sounds and once again at the end of the
video actually throughout this whole
video should have been an annotation for
evil grain games video with me versus
him in some Naruto Shippuden Ultimate
Ninja Storm Generations please go check
that out give it a thumbs up and check
out his other content just because he
has some content on this channel and you
might like so anyway Tara talk signed
out with this video this random video
and um
only thing left to say and that's peace